all right so look I'm a regular Schmo
you know I give every movie a chance
even if the critics don't like it I want
to go in with a fresh mind and
considering that I like slasher movies
I've been saying that I think one of the
best movies of this year is an upcoming
horror movie that is gonna blow all of
you guys away and considering that I
like the first strangers considering
that it freaked me out so much I haven't
opened my my front door since 2008 this
one had me excited but but sadly sadly
it's just a stream it from me let me
explain so the first one if you don't
know was based off of the tape murders
which of course was a real-life events
but this was actually a director who
lived in a place that had a bunch of
break-ins and he was so curious about
the idea of strangers going and killing
random people for no reason whatsoever
this scene right here was actually based
off of a night that he had where he
lived in the middle of nowhere as a kid
someone knocked on his door
his sister answered and it ended up
being a cruel people who were knocking
on doors no one lived there they would
rob it if someone did they would ask for
someone who clearly didn't live there
it's creepy stuff obviously the people
dying in these movies aren't real people
they're not actual events so they say no
painting Ain't scenario but the sequel
kind of follows the same thing ain't
real people same killers doesn't really
have anything to do with the first
according to the director in this one
you got a family of four who's about to
go drop off their delinquent daughter
and boarding school cuz she smoked
cigarettes like a newbie and listens to
the Ramones this is actually a girl from
letters to God who I guess at some point
in her life lost Jesus anyways before
they go get a refund on their child they
decide to have a little family vacation
which you'd know you're poor when your
getaway for the weekend is the trailer
park from 8 mile their aunt and uncle
actually owned the place and I guess
it's the offseason no one's there so
they get to pay a visit but the
strangers have already paid a visit to
their aunt and uncle they're like sliced
up they can't be talked and then this
family gets a knock at the door
damn Mad Men the brother and sister
actually the first who come across their
aunts and uncles bodies but since their
parents took their phones away for
quality time they had a rush back run
into the parents and then the site to do
the thing that every white family thinks
is the okay thing to do in this scenario
split up mother and daughter go back to
the trailer they
find their phones cracked which one this
flip phone should definitely been
destroyed and then they get a visit from
Dollface who's sporting her new Cutco
brand knife and these two decide to hide
in the bathroom look it's not like she
has an aka or anything right so what I
would do if I was in the situation is
well actually one never be in the
situation but if I was I would bum-rush
this girl take one for the wash Marshawn
Lynch that hoe in the face and then run
away with the knife in me looking like a
porcupine
I would embark myself in the bathroom
obviously doll face Jack Nicholson's her
way into the door
the daughter escapes through the roof
and the mom just stands there like a
mannequin allowing herself to get
shawshanked I mean girl puncher slapper
tickle her something the dad and son are
back in the uncle's house and the dad
finds a gun and then he refuses to use
it on the masked dude who's outside
waiting for them even though the dad can
smell his mutilated aunts and uncle in
the next room like boy I would have
Sakaki owed him these to run away in the
minivan end up crashing it these two are
now orphans they come across doll face
again but like father like son he for
whatever reason doesn't shoot her but
it's a thing that happens throughout the
movie where we keep seeing this truck
then this truck practically makes a
sound like tow mater if you had lung
cancer you can hear this thing from like
a mile away but then all of a sudden it
don't make any noise and drives through
this house like a Rick and Morty fan
demanding soy sauce like I like to add
that I saw the screening in the south
side of Chicago and do you know how hard
it is for black people and brown people
to literally walk out of a free
screening what is this scene when this
girl gets baited by a jack-in-the-box
toy there's a scene where this girl
traps herself into this tunnel and then
pin-up girl magically appears at that
point half the theater just houdini'd
themselves out of there because because
they knew better if there's one scene
that I did think was dope
the one thing that I will give the movie
credit for right that I liked was this
scene right here so when my dude finally
has the balls to whack pin-up girl it's
the scene where they get into like an
old boy Street Fighter brawl they shape
up water it in the pool this shot at the
end that was pretty cool and at the end
they both somehow magically left the
sister saves the brother and then runs
out to find a cop he gets Walder Frey
because he ain't paying attention and
this girl yet again
Suz yourself in i straight-up jumped for
joy when she finally has the guts to
elmer fudd doll face and demolishes her
all wa air supply is playing in the
background of course I then remembered
that a sackcloth dude the one who's
dressed up like Dwight from the office
still has his truck and decides to
Velociraptor her from the side his car
starts leaking gas so of course Ramon's
here and thinks fast decides to blow him
up but then this dude becomes Ghost
Rider in a pickup truck my girl here
clearly loves Prometheus so she runs in
a straight line she can barely run but
then magically turns into st. bolt when
another truck appears and jumps on the
back Dwight's senior eventually gets
wacom old the brother and sister make it
out and into a hospital and right when
you think that things are all safe and
sound when everything is finally over
really it took you all 10 years to make
this one and you're gonna leave us on a
cliffhanger knowing good and damn well
that they thank you for watching this
video I look obviously the movie wasn't
for me I liked the first I liked this
one if you liked it let me know what you
liked about it down below if you're
still curious about that ending it it's
pretty much what directors do when they
want a sequel but they know that they
they might not get it
I'll tell you this if the strangers
lived after everything they went through
they ain't strangers they demons but if
there is a third one if there is a third
movie I would love to see how Dwight
senior over here checks in for a
visitor's pass with that sack cloth over
his head while politely knocking it
wouldn't make any sense to me but other
than that let me know your thoughts on
this movie your thoughts on whatever
else you want me to explain movie wise
Netflix TV shows dramas musicals
whatever it is let me know down below in
the comment section don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and I won't
ask if Tamra's home